(upbeat music)
- [Narrator] This brings us to our first challenge
exercise for the course.
I'm going to have you build another webpage
for our application.
You are going to be asked to build a simple webpage
for our hotel that shows the staff.
The staff view will be a way to see all staff,
their positions, and their employee number.
The view can be a simple table
or you can do more if you choose.
Once again we're going to create some mock data elements
like we did with rooms.
Eventually we're going to wire all of this into a database.
The elements for our staff will be employee number
which should be a string representation of a GUID,
first name, last name and position
like housekeeping security, front desk, et cetera.
Take a look in the bin folder in the data that sequel file
and you will see what those elements need to be
for the position.